Remove last mentions of `preview` for `@defer` support. (#2378)
apollographql/router: docs/source/executing-operations/defer-support.mdx

description: Improve performance by delivering entity fields incrementally
---

> > Available in Apollo Router v1.0 and later. [Learn about launch stages.](/resources/product-launch-stages)

Reviewer: I think it's okay to call this out without the link to launch stages.

```suggestion
> Available in Apollo Router v1.0 and later.
```

> > Available in Apollo Router v1.0 and later. [Learn about launch stages.](/resources/product-launch-stages)

Author: We'll update during the release PR.

The Apollo Router supports the `@defer` directive as it's documented in [these edits to the RFC](https://github.com/graphql/graphql-spec/pull/742), according to the state of those edits on 2022-08-24.

## Disabling defer

> Defer is enabled by default. If you wish to disable `@defer`, you can do so via router.yaml:

Reviewer: Think it's worth adding what happens when defer is disabled to the commentary.  Does this track with your understanding?

```suggestion
Defer is enabled by default. If you wish to disable `@defer` you can do so via configuration and it will result in operations which use `@defer` being rejected by the Router:
```
